---
title: "Therapy sucks. "
date: 2024-07-19
tags: therapy
categories: Personal Therapy
author: Brent Carpenter
---
This is hurting my head. So much to face, and it’s all moving so quickly. I’m hiding in the tub again after today’s session, there’s a pit in my stomach I’ve only felt twice before.

The first time was when I left for the army, I hung out of Sergeant Chacón’s window of his g-ride Dodge Charger, throwing up out the window on the way to MEPS, to do my preprocessing to leave for basic later that day. As I hung out the window, I remember him laughing and slapping meme on the back, telling me “you’ll be alright, it’s time for the great adventure”. If only I had known what I was in for.

The other time was when the mortars came down on the ten year anniversary of 9/11. I spent so much time in the bunker that day, so many explosions coming down around us. I felt as though the shock my body was in alone would be the death of me, I had never felt such pain before as I did from my body attacking me, telling me we needed to move, but knowing I had to stay in that concrete prison.

I know the memories are more extreme than what happened, but for now that doesn’t make them any less painful. I remember sitting in there playing spades, laughing with my fellow soldiers like nothing was wrong. But I also remember laying there, curled in a ball, waiting for it to end. This was one of the few times I’ve prayed, prayed to make it home and see my best friend once more, the one I ran from to end up in this mess in the first place. I’m by no means religious, so this caught me off guard. I’ve only prayed a handful of times in my life, but more often than not it has been for her.

I miss her to this day, twelve years have now come and gone since we last crossed paths, and I hardly noticed because I have been on my own mission that I still have yet to understand, lost in a story that I don’t belong in, stuck on autopilot.

My goal now is to snap out of this, I’ll do whatever it takes. She may no longer be in my life, but I hope to mend that fence eventually, that she just needs her space because of the hell I’ve put her through with all of this, and that someday I’ll hear from her again. If not, I understand, but I will forever remain grateful to her for being the constant in my life for the last several decades, and for refusing to ever lie to me, so that someday I can face all the wrong I’ve done and do what it takes to be better. It’s time to do just that.

Above all I need to do this for my children, they don’t deserve the lack of consistency both their mother and I have given them, enabling their poor behaviors in the name of comfort, preventing their growth. They are my motivation, my reason to keep going and be better. I’m no longer in that bunker, that was thirteen long years ago, and I am safe now. Now to ensure my kids understand they are safe, but pushing them to be better, to grow, to evolve, unlike me. I don’t want them waiting until they’re 35 to face the wrongs they’ve done, to forgive themselves, to accept failure as a part of life. I want them to understand that failure is necessary, and it does not make you weaker, no it makes you stronger, because you can correct your actions, and ensure you aren’t hurting those around you in the name of comfort. I love my babies with all my heart, and I am facing this to be better for them before anyone else moving forward.

Maybe I’ll get it right one day.